fix: Fact-check of misc standalone pages (#634)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/22-experimental.md

---
description: Experimental features in Serverpod are opt-in additions with unstable APIs, including diagnostic event handlers for exception monitoring and shutdown task registration.
---

# Experimental features

:::warning
Be cautious when using experimental features in production environments, as their stability is uncertain and they may receive breaking changes in upcoming releases.
:::

> Experimental features are opt-in additions to Serverpod whose APIs are not yet stable and may receive breaking changes.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "may receive breaking changes" here repeats what the warning admonition right above already says. The sentence could instead name how features are enabled, which the note below already hints at.

```suggestion
Experimental features are opt-in additions to Serverpod. They are disabled until you enable them through the `experimentalFeatures` argument on the `Serverpod` constructor or via `config/generator.yaml`.
```

### Setup

> This feature is enabled by providing one ore more `DiagnosticEventHandler` implementations

Reviewer 2: Nice catch 😉
